Let's now make sure we use that unique I.D. we get back and we just saw that the response we get essentially
is an object with a name field and that holds a string which is our unique I.D..
Now this post method is a generic method which means we can describe which kind of response we'll get
back.
So again we can use the angle brackets here and then pass a type definition in between.
And I will define here that we get back an object with a name key which is of type String because that
is just what we're getting back what we just saw in the console.
And with that we get better auto completion support in all the next steps in this observable chain.
And here I now don't want to tap.
Instead I want to update my existing array of places which is also an observable if it is we can use
the switch map operator which you need to import from our X as operators and switch map works such that
it takes an existing observable chain.
This one for the HBP request and it takes the result of that chain which here is our response data or
whatever you want to call it.
It gives you that data in that function you pass the switch map.
But in here you now return a new observable that will then replace the old observable in the upcoming
steps of this chain.
So here it will return.
This place is now to get to my places array.
Thereafter I will add take one because I only need one place and they are after we can now have our
tap step again because at this point of time because of switch map we're now not interacting with the
response of DHS to repeat request anymore.
That changed here.
Instead we're now working with our places array and therefore we can now com cat than you place.
However in new place before I added here I want to switch the I.D. And I want to replace it with my
I.D. from the back end which we get here on our response.
The thing is that I.D. is available here in the respond state off the switch map not down there.
This is a different function and rest data due to scoping is only available in that function not in
that one of course we can fix this in a relatively easy way.
We can add a variable here in the overall add place method you could name this generated I.D. The name
is totally up to you and this will be a string and you can of course define it like this on initialized
up there.
But once you got the idea which is the case here in the switch map I said does equal to rest data dot
name which is that unique I.D. generated by Firebase and then down there because this is a variable
available in the entire add place method I can use generated ideas like this.
And now we're storing or we're adding this new place with the generated I.D. to our list of places.
Let's give this a try.
So let's wait for this to reload and then let's add the Manhattan mentioned Europe manually nice place
in the middle of New York let's say give it a price and availability
and now does this created and now we see it down there at the bottom.
This is the place I just added.
So this now works and now we're able to send data to discover what about fetching.